Feat/msdk 23 sonar cloud (#61)
PolymathNetwork/polymesh-sdk: README.md

## Scripts

- `yarn generate:polkadot-types` generates polkadot types to interact with the latest Polymesh blockchain version
- `yarn test` runs tests and outputs the coverage report
- `yarn build:ts` compiles typescript files into javascript and type declarations. Outputs to `dist/` directory
- `yarn build:docs` builds a documentation page from tsdoc comments in the code. Outputs to `docs/` directory
- `yarn commit` runs the commit formatting tool (should replace normal commits)
- `yarn semantic-release` runs semantic release to calculate version numbers based on the nature of changes since the last version (used in CI pipelines)
- `yarn lint` runs the linter on all .ts files and outputs all errors
- `yarn format` runs prettier-eslint on all .ts files and rewrites the files with well formatted code

> - `yarn ts-node` compiles typescript files to be run seamlessly in a Node environment

Reviewer: run a ts script without prior compilation

## Usage

> Connect to a Polymesh node with an account via an suri

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to a Polymesh node with an account URI
```
